https://www.acodersjourney.com/system-design-interview-consistent-hashing/

# Problem description
In hash scenario, there a key will be converted to numerical value by hash function like MD5, SHA-256, SHA etc.
Then we can use it to do modulus operation to the index which indicating the target spot like DB instance, redis instance, bucket of array etc.
And in the DB/Redis scenario, we call this distribution storage to dramatically increase the throughput of the system.

1. what happen if db/redis instance failed?
2. what happen if we need to scale-out?

# Design Target
1. we should be able to distribute incoming request uniformly among the set of n database servers;
2. we should be able to dynamically add/remove database servers;
3. when we add/remove a database servers, we need to move minimal amount of data between database servers;


for simple hashing, there are two drawbacks with this approch: **horizontal scalability** and **non-uniformly distribute data across servers**.

# elastic scaling database server /cache server with minimal data remapped.

# avoiding hot-spots 

# conclusion
1. enable elastic scaling of cluster of database or cache servers
2. faciliate replication and partitioning of data across servers;
3. partitioning of data enables uniform distribution which relieves hot pots.
4. points a-c enables hight availability of the system as a whole.

# reference:
- http://tom-e-white.com/2007/11/consistent-hashing.html
- 

---
1. if we add/remove servers from the set, all our existing **mappings are broken**.
2. this means all existing data needs to be **remapped** and **migrated** to different server.
3. This might be a **herculean**英 /ˌhə:kju'li:ən/(费力的) task because it'll either require a **scheduled system downtime** to update mappings or creating read replicas of the existing system which can service queries during the migration. In other words, a lot of pain and expenditure英 /ɪk'spendɪtʃə/(支出).
4. avoid **data hot-spot** in the cluter
5. We cannot expect **uniform distribution** of data coming in all the time. There may be many more keys whose hashValue maps to server number 3 than any other servers , in which case server number 3 will **become a hotspot for queries**.
6. 